# RFC 168, by Johan Vromans: Built-in functions should be functions

Johan's proposal was to completely obliterate the difference between built-in
functions, such as `abs`, can be called both as a prefix operator, as well as
a function taking a single argument.

You see, Perl has this concept of built-in functions that are slightly more
equal than other functions (aka subroutines).  You can refer to a subroutine
"by reference" by prefixing `&` to its name, but that doesn't quite work like
that for built-in functions in Perl.

Now, in Raku, the difference between a subroutine taking a single positional
argument, and a built-in prefix operator whose name is acceptable as an
identifier, is already minimal.  Well, actually absent.  Suppose we want to
define a prefix operator `foo` that has the same semantics as `abs`:

    sub foo(Numeric:D $value) {
        $value < 0 ?? -$value !! $value
    }

    say foo -42;  # 42

You can't really see a difference, now can you?  Well, the reason is simple:
in Raku, there **is** no real difference between the `foo` subroutine, and the
`abs` operator.  They're **both** just subroutines: just look at the
[definition of the `abs` function for `Real` numbers](https://github.com/rakudo/rakudo/blob/master/src/core.c/Real.pm6#L170).

But how does that function for infix operators?  Those aren't surely
subroutines as well in Raku?  How can they be?

Well, the magic in this has really been to give infix operators a specially
formatted name.  So, suppose we look at the infix `+` operator: that's a name
that does not meet the requirements of an identifier.  But internally, it is
known by the name `&infix:<+>'.  And if you look at
[its definition](https://github.com/rakudo/rakudo/blob/master/src/core.c/Numeric.pm6#L210),
you'll see that it is actually quite simple.

The RFC also mentions:

    In particular, it is desired that every built-in
    - can be overridden by a user defined subroutine;
    - can have a reference taken;
    - has a useful prototype.

So, let's check that those points:

## can be overridden by a used defined subroutine

Ok, so infix operators have a special name.  So what happens if I declare a
subroutine with that name?  Well, let's try:

    sub infix:<+>(\a, \b) { a + b }
    say 42 + 666;

Hmmm... that doesn't show anything, that just hangs!  Well, yeah, because we
basically have a case of a subroutine here calling itself without ever
returning!

** This eats about 1GB of memory per second, so don't do that too long unless you have a lot of memory available! **

So, how can we refer to original `&infix:<+>` logic?  It's just a subroutine
after all!  But where does that subroutine live?  Well, in core of course!
And there's your answer:

    sub infix:<+>(\a, \b) {
        say "plussing";
        CORE::<&infix:<+>>(a, b)
    }
    say 42 + 666; # plussing\n708

You can use the hash lookup in the `CORE::` pseudostash: `CORE::<&infix:<+>>`
will give you the subroutine object of the core's infix `+` operator, and you
can call that as a subroutine with two parameters.

Now there 

Well, that request has definitely been o
